Jesus kindly showed us
That we must be as young ones,
Remembering that in a world of pride,
We need a heart just like a child.
We value others, seeing what God sees
through his impartial eyes.
Just like a child,
we want to love one another,
With our eyes just seeing
the good in each other.
Just like a child,
we want to be full of kindness,
With our eyes
not focused on what could divide us.
And as we’re getting older
In a world that’s getting colder,
We easily could question others’ ways,
Their motives, and the things they say.
And seeing others as above us
is rare this day and age.
Just like a child,
we want to love one another,
With our eyes
just seeing the good in each other.
Just like a child,
we want to be full of kindness,
With our eyes
not focused on what could divide us.
Be just like a child.
While we keep growing,
Serving Jehovah,
And finding joy in
The part we’re playing,
We must remember
That in a world of pride,
We need a heart like that of a child.
Just like a child,
we want to love one another,
With our eyes
just seeing the good in each other.
Just like a child,
we want to be full of kindness,
With our eyes
not focused on what could divide us.
Be just like a child.